Link to finished codepen - https://codepen.io/jrosado184/pen/dyRMoZE?editors=1100


  1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? -HTML is used for laying out the format of a web page. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?  -an attribute is a descriptive word like "img src" "a" or "href". it is usually placed in the begin of a start tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? --The h1 tag is used for the most important text which is mainly a title or company name. It is used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes - <a href></a>, img src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? metadata etc title,meta
    7. What is an id?  - an id is an attribute used to specify an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? -any specific element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?   -once
    10. What is a class?    -an attribute used to point a name to css
    11. What elements can I add a class to?   - any html element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?     - How many times you desire
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?      - target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?   - alt would show a description in case the user is unable to see the image projected
    15. How do I reference an id? #idname
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div  -section is the content within and div doesn't carry any meaning besides what it's given.
    17. What is CSS used for?     - css is used for styling a page and its elements
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page - h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one   -class is used for styling and id is used for something specific like a style or action.
    we might used class to change the font or color and we might use id to make a button click.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?  .class name 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?   -p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?   -a parent is the outside element and the child is everything inside that specific element.
     it's useful to style specific elements based on what they are contained in
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?  #sidebar a:
    24. What is a pseudo selector? - a class to add style only when u want it to, for example a:hover 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? - line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? - letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?  -Capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?  - border: dotted 1px black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page?    -control + a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?  - /* my comment here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?    -pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?    -la
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?  -$rm , we need to be carefully because we can lose important data.
    34. Why should I use version control?  -to keep track of changes
    35. How often should I commit to github? -every time we make changes or every 20 mins
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?   - $ git push -u origin
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. -Basically we fork a project and make it our own. Then copy the ssh to our git bash directory and then branch it.
    After that we edit our file our file and save it. we then add,commit and push it back to github. we then pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 